So the rap we started talking about in the last video have many methods that you should be familiar
with.
So the following diagram is a limited class diagram of the primitive data Reppas showing a subset of
the methods available.
So in this diagram of the eight Reppas, six in the abstract class number, we talked about that in
the last video, but also seven of the eight Reppas has a minimum score value.
And Max Alesco, very constant, which represents the range of valid, primitive values for the data
type for the sake of a clean diagram.
I'm not showing the relationship between the comparable interface and the wrappers, but all of them
implement comparable interface and have a compare to method, which compares the current instance to
the instance passed as an argument to the compare to method.
In addition, all rappers also have a static compare method that accepts to primitive data type arguments
and compares them all.
The rappers extending no have similarly named methods to those shown on the integer wrapper.
So I've only shown integers methods in the diagram.
Each rapper has many static methods specific to its type not shown here.
This diagram attempts to display in the manner the methods the rappers generally have in common.
So the table you can see on screen methods that most of the rappers have in common with descriptions
and examples, they've only shown integers, method names and documents representing the number subclasses,
which have similarly named methods using its specific date to type.
And Rappa as an example of the passing method is passed long on the long wrapper class.
So looking at some examples, the methadone shown for three Reppas here to the left boolean character,
an integer kupelian boolean value cha cha value and intially that return the primitive value represented
by the appropriate upper class.
And you can see the example there of usage on the right hand side.
Next, we've got to compare again with passing to boolean arguments for the first one to char arguments
for the second and to for the third.
Well that compares to primitive values and essentially it's the same as using the value of method with
the relevant type.
Then don't compare to then the value of then the second value and you can see some example usages to
the right.
Next, we're looking at the compare for Berlin rapper, character, rapper, an entertainer, rapper,
letting that a now parameter produces a no point exception.
And the number of rappers, well, I compare numbers numerically zero if the two numbers are the same
or equal, rather one if the rapper value is greater than the parameter value and minus one if the rapper
value is greater than the primitively for a billion rapper zero if the values are equal.
One if the rapper is true and the parameter is false, minus one if the rapper is false and the parameter
is true.
And for a character rapper zero if he values record the positive number n if the rapper value is greater
than the parameter value where N represents the difference in values and similar to with negative number
minus in.
If the rapper value is less than the perimeter value, it represents a difference in values.
You can say a sample usage there on the right hand side.
But looking at it equals method here, you can see that it returns a boolean to object.
Oh, which is passed as an argument is not always returns false if object is a wrapper, but it must
be the same wrapper type as the wrapper used for the method invocation.
Otherwise, the result is false and passing a corresponding primitive as a parameter works and the values
are evaluated in a couple of examples over there on the right hand side of the usage.
Right.
So next one is the parse boolean and pass integer examples there with a pass the string as an argument.
This passes the string argument into the primitive data type.
Important to note here that the character does not actually support a parse character method and sample
uses over there to the right hand side boolean.
We've got some value of methods for the ability repr, the character reference, the editor wrapper
that just returns a wrapper instance with a value represented by the primitive past to the method and
sample usage to the right hand side.
Lastly, the value of methods got to there demonstrating the boolean wrapper and integer wrapper value
of methods the string as an argument that returns a rare instance with a value represented by the string
past to the method.
And importantly to note here that the character Rappard does not support a parameter of top string for
a value of method and some sample usages over to the right hand side.
The.
I've said a lot there.
Let's actually have a look at some of this in code.
Let's go back to our generics and collections project.
We need to create a new class and we'll call this one rapper Method's.
Plus, Cody.
But so the classes are posted in my there, and what we're doing is we're demonstrating that creating
instances of rappers by declaration and assignment to a primitive in a single statement, we can see
examples of that.
Most are demonstrating, creating instances of rappers and using them as parameters using the value
of method of various rappers.
And you can see some examples, there is also an additional method, Reppas, which is down here.
That accepts a list of represents an object and prints them out.
And there's some countries you can say they were recalling Reppas with various arguments to get the
relevant output.
So let's have a look at the output and discuss it a bit further.
The nightmare that, for example, the Interchurch rapper is in the value of their online 44 specifically
is accepted a charge as a parameter looking at the floating value there.
This is the floating wrapper value of objects, noting specifically that it's accepted string's, which,
if used as literals, would have represented double's a hundred point zero to fifty point zero dollars.
But in this case, it's accepted those.
You can see the rural valleys are working nicely.
I did, Sherry, but we can see for the output for integer, the value of passing a the HRR gave us
the value back up 97 in the airport.
So this seems pretty straightforward and elementary.
Let's test some alternatives, so we're going to add another method now to our rapid methods class down
here.
Looking at the mythical appetitive test exceptions, you can say that I've created a legal class with
type which is representing the represent we want to test and the value the valley passed ultimately
to the valley of method.
You can see here that the tests at the moment are really restricted to flights and integers only.
Scrolling on down, you can see that I'm setting up an array of test scenarios there with a repertoire
to test and also the valley to see what happens.
And further on down, I'm actually executing each one.
You can see that depending on whether it worked or not, we're getting a different message.
So I've done that.
Let's add some code.
To our main method so that we can actually run this.
So we'll just invite the test exceptions method.
Run this now.
OK, you can see the various exceptions showering down the bottom of the screen there.
So for this hour, what we can learn that passing are now string to the valley of method produces that
exception.
It's the first exception starting there.
Now, this is not the case, by the way, for the bullion wrapper, which is created with the value
of false in that scenario.
The other thing to point out here is that the integer, not value of method is more limited than when
assigning values to an integer variable.
It doesn't permit any non numeric characters.
Even those were literal would be fine.
The example specifically is 100 Alesco zero zero zero, which would be valid for an integer normally
but doesn't work is valuable because you've got a few other tests.
They're testing different values for the integer as well as to see what happens.
So let's just add a few more tests here.
We're going to add this code directly under the core to test exceptions.
So here we try it, the just overloaded value of battery with a second parameter representing the radix,
but also on line sixty five, there's a compiler error.
Character does not have a value of method that supports a string as a parameter.
This is obviously looking for a Charron been provided with a string to remove this last line and only
then will execute a code.
And you can see their posts on the airport, the right expellees there can for sixty four point fifty
six, that's representing binary octal and hexadecimal numbers.
So let's send the video here in the next one.
I want to briefly review the other methods that the Reppas have in common.
See you in the next video.